Python.
Comments.
Comments can be used to explain Python code to make the code more readable, or to prevent execution
when testing code.
First creating a comment.
Comments starts with the hashtag and Python will ignore them.
Comments can be placed at the end of line and Python will ignore the rest of line.
Let's try the first and the second example.
I add a break point in the first line of code I execute via the debugger mode.
I select the console.
Python will ignore the first line because it's a comment.
It can be used to make the code more readable or to explain the code.
In the second example, Python will execute the first part, but ignore the rest of line.
In the third example, comment is used to prevent Python from executing code.
Because print is a Python code, you can use comment to prevent execution of code.
For example, to do some test.
In the second part we will see how to define a multi-line comments.
There are a lot of programming languages which have a multi-line comments like Java, JavaScript, but
Python does not really have a syntax for multi-line comments.
To add a multi-line comment, you could insert a hash tag for each line.
Like in this example, there are three lines on each line.
We add a hash tag.
Python will ignore all or all three lines.
They consider them as a multi-line comment.
When executing the code.
Python will execute only print Hello World three and ignore all the first three lines, which consider
it as a multi-line comment.
There are a second method to define a multi-line comment via a string.
Since Python will ignore string literals that are not assigned to a variable, you can add a multi-line
string in the code and place the comment inside it.
Let's try that.
This is multi-line string that are not assigned to a variable like that.
For example, we define our comment inside the multi-line string.
Python will ignore the execution of this part of code, and we can use it at multi-line comment.
Let's execute that and Python will ignore this part and execute only the last line.